Update groups-filter-sort.rst (#6033)
mattermost/docs: source/boards/groups-filter-sort.rst

Filters
-------

> You can filter cards on your board using all the text properties.

Author: @wuwinson, is this accurate and should I also mention Filters now support all text properties! You’re no longer limited to only using filters with the Select property type. You can filter your board more granularly to see the cards most relevant to you. Boards now also supports filtering by the following property types:
- Text
- Email
- Phone
- URL

Reviewer: Hey Justine, users can still filter by the *Select* property as well, so many some tweaks here.

> You can filter cards on your board using all the text properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter cards on your board if they utilize any of the following property types:
- Select
- Text
- Email
- Phone
- URL
```

.. note:: 
  

>    You must have at least one **Select** property on your board for filtering to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You must have at least one of the property types listed above on your board for filtering to work. Filtering by other property types such as **Person** or **Date** is not yet supported.
```
